Fun Game on Render
A fun, interactive web-based game where players take turns asking questions, submitting responses, and awarding points for the best answers. This turn-based game supports real-time interactions and is hosted live at https://fun2.onrender.com/.

Features
Real-Time Gameplay: Players join a game room and interact in real-time.
Turn-Based Questions: Each player takes turns being the "Asker" to submit a question.
Anonymous Responses: Players submit responses anonymously, and the asker selects the best one.
Score Tracking: Points are awarded for the best responses, and scores are updated dynamically.
Force Skip: A button allows anyone to skip to the next turn if needed.
Reset Game: The game can be reset to start fresh for all players.
Hosted Online: Accessible via https://fun2.onrender.com/.
Technologies Used
Frontend:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
Socket.IO (for real-time communication)
Backend:
Node.js
Express.js
Socket.IO
Hosting:
Render
How to Play
Join the Game:

Navigate to https://fun2.onrender.com/.
Enter your name in the input box and click "Join Room."
Wait for other players to join.
Start the Game:

Once at least two players are in the room, the "Start Game" button becomes active.
Click "Start Game" to begin.
Gameplay:

Players take turns being the "Asker."
The asker submits a question, which is displayed to all players.
Other players (responders) type their answers in the response input box and click "Submit Response."
Award Points:

The asker selects the best response, and the corresponding player earns a point.
Scores are displayed and updated in real-time.
Force Next Questioner:

If needed, anyone can click the "Force Next" button to skip to the next questioner.
Reset Game:

To restart the game, click "Reset Game."
Development Setup
If you want to run the project locally:

Prerequisites:
Node.js (v14 or later)
NPM (Node Package Manager)
Steps:
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
cd <repository-folder>
Install Dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Start the Server:

bash
Copy code
node server.js
Access the Game:

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000.
Project Structure
php
Copy code
.
├── public/
│   ├── index.html       # Main HTML file
│   ├── style.css        # Stylesheet
│   ├── script.js        # Client-side JavaScript
├── server.js            # Backend server with Socket.IO logic
├── package.json         # Node.js dependencies and scripts
└── README.md            # Project documentation
Future Improvements
Add a timer to limit the time for asking questions or submitting responses (if needed).
Support for custom game settings, like time limits or point thresholds.
Mobile-friendly responsive design.
Add sounds or animations for fun feedback.
Contributors
Qudsi Aljabiri
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
